once we know more about where turtles go
it'll be much easier for Peter and his
team to protect them when they've left
Ricola next day there was a big party
for some of sri lanka's top brass the
Minister for the environment declared
wreck of a beach Sri Lanka's first
wildlife sanctuary for marine turtles
for me today it's all about dreams
coming true
the first night we came here we saw
Turtles lots of turtles but we also saw
some some wild and beautiful men working
on the beach and on that first night we
saw them drinking kicking Turtles up the
beach and then eating the eggs but
despite all that we fell in love with
Ricola and and those people and the
turtles that were part of their lives we
joined them one day the turtles in wreck
or be safe and protected in a way that
would be good for the turtles but also
for the people who are whose lives
depend on the turf wars and today that's
dream has also come true not only
because of the sanctuary but because
those wild and crazy men are now bit
older and wiser and their the nature
friends of wrecker so thank you to the
people of wrecker
for believing in the dream and making it
come true today
don't money Kate let's go home
the turbo conservation project for me is
how conservation should be it's not just
about the spectacular beautiful animals
it's about the people who interact with
those animals whose lives are kind of in
- over those animals - I felt really
uplifted by what Peter had said and I
wanted to talk more with Vander Weide
been my guide last night he told me that
his father had died when he was a little
boy and he ended up living rough on the
beach to survive he turned to egg
poaching we used to collect eggs because
we had no jobs the turtle Protection has
given us a job so there's no need for us
to poach eggs anymore
do you feel a better person on the
Savannah yes because now we're doing a
good thing now when I think of turtles I
think back I feel sorry
I was really touched by Bunder story and
I know the turtles here will be safe in
his hands
you know what it strikes me that what
they're doing at wrecker is a real
win-win situation Bandar gets a living
the turtles get protection and tourists
like me get a chance to see a really
wonderful wildlife spectacle